---
id: 1082
layout: post
title: >
    Pilates
---

This weekend I started doing pilates. Yes pilates. Not Tai-Chi, not yoga, but pilates. I'm really wanting to get back into some sort of shape by the time I leave for New Orleans immediately after Xmas. I'm still looking to stay with someone(s), which means a call for volunteers, and want to look my best. Brent had the idea about throwing a huge new years party and it didn't sound too bad. I'm really excited about headed back to the big easy even if it is for a very short period of time.

I did get to see Brent again this weekend when he stayed over for a night. Its very nice to get to hang out. Seeing as my family went to Hawaii without me for Thanksgiving it was nice to have some company over the weekend. But on the bright side I did have my parent's house all to myself. Really makes me want to get out and find a _better_ apartment than the one I have.

On another note, for those who don't know that I collect books, I received a shipment over the extended holiday that really boosted the collection. I think the best so far is a full leather bound edition of <i>Dante's Inferno</i>. There is one that I had my eye on but someone snatched it before I had the chance. All is fair I guess.

In the news there is a relatively large case being heard today in the supreme courts about the right of congress to impose ruler-ship over state law. 10 states have now passed laws legalizing medical use of marijuana, However Federal law prohibits any sort of use and will still convict person(s) according to that law. In court right now there are several suites under way to determine if the state law has to right to rule its own citizens according to its own law and weather or not that law can supersede Federal law in some instances. This case has a lot of weight for several different reasons. The first and foremost is that the legalization of medical marijuana can have a huge impact on drug use. Letting this slip through the cracks can really have an effect on partial to complete legalization in the future.

Although many people may have known my habits a few years back, a lot has changed and I am pretty firm against its legalization. Although I do believe that what one person does is his or her own business I don't believe that legalizing weed will help our country any. I think it should be deregulated and the laws should be heavily looser but I don't think it should become a regulated substance. The jails are already busting at the seams full of murderers and rapist, leave them to rot and die not the pot-heads and stoner's. On that same note I do believe in strict punishment for those who let it get out of hand, such as robbery/murder for drug money, but lets face it: Not many pot-heads are that motivated to start with.

More importantly, and to get back on subject, a case of this magnitude can possibly determine weather the courts have the right to micromanage local government and economies. It is my belief that when this first country was founded and growing the very nature of a cell based government was put in place. The founding fathers looked at the different states as independent bodies capable of handling themselves and there own law. There were, of course, ties between then such as the congress and a very few Federal agencies and they weren't as bloated as they have become today. In that light let us reconsider why congress would take the steps to draw as much power as possible. The primary argument is that it would cause imbalance as some states allow it and others don't. That argument is an illusion and nothing more. It really isn't the business of one state what the other state does or not. In this day and age its all about competition and edge. I think this is just a measure that congress would pass only to solidify more power to congress and justify its own bloated pride.

I could rant on and on but I'll stop there. Work this week will be pretty busy as we start preparing for the Christmas season and new products. Personally, I use Linux and don't have to deal with spyware, popups, ad-ware, viruses and all of that other nonsense but I imagine that quite a bit of people do. I've been promoted to a senior position at work and with it are a lot of perks. Mainly monetary benefits, but lets not talk about that. I look forward to seeing everyone around the Christmas holiday. Post your number or something in a private comment or email me and we'll try to meet up when I'm down. Its going to be a lot of fun.
