---
id: 686
layout: post
title: >
    Kim on vacation and everyone sneezing
---

Monday was beautiful. The sun was out and the few clouds in the sky decorated the blue backdrop with puffs of white. I set my alarm pretty early to go meet Alice at her store to see what was going on. I got there and we both met up and i discovered that Kim, the district manager, is on vacation until the 12th. I felt like a bit of a fool for bugging her so much. I then politely made an exit and went back home.The day just kinda flew by. Nothing much happened except for the ram and vid card that i had ordered came in. Much to my uncomfort and anger the ram didn't work. So right now i have a 128 meg stick of PC2700 DDR333 just kinda hanging out. That night we rented some movies.

I rented <i>Bruce Almighty</i>, <i>American Pie 3: American Wedding</i>, and <i>Underworld</i>. American Pie 3 was pathetic. I actually stopped it about 20 minutes into it because it wasn't going anywhere. I think it was just an excuse to squeeze a few bucks out of the American Pie idea. It really was crap. Underworld wasn't so bad. I liked it a bit but i think the vampire/werewolf theme has gone sour. It carried a good plot, if not overused ;), and the acting wasn't to bad either. Gave an interesting twist to the vampire world. Bruce Almighty seemed good because it moved away from Jim Carry's style of slapstic comedy. It still preserved some of his flare but all in all it was pretty subdued. I never want to see him attempt drama again, the whole 'i surrender to you' was really ugly.

Oh yeah my dad's flight also went out yesterday. Is it bad that i almost forgot that. Mom brought him to the airport around 10a and got back a bit after 130p. I think his flight was around noon. I'm kinda glad he's gone.

I crashed late and woke up early. Today was pretty lazy now that i think about it. I went back and finished american pie 3. It was the unrated version which had a god aweful amount of nudity during the stripper thing. I struggled with the computers for the better part of the day. I still can't get that mother board working. I'm really sad. Also i can't get that other computer working properly either. If its not one thing its another. I walked around the mall and then got ice cream from <i>Coldstone</i>. I wasn't really in the mood for coffee or anything. I stopped into pier 1 imports and i found that chair that i really like. The chair in pier1 was like 750$. I was half tempted to apply for credit and see if i could get it. After that I went to B&N and read. I left a bit after 9p and came home.

Oliver hasn't made any improvements and i'm worried about him. I called jerry and he made us an appointment for him at his office. He works at a pet clinic. His condition makes me really sad. I'm pretty stressed right now. Between Oliver and no work i don't know what to do. I'm really going to loose my mind. One good thing i can do is get ready for classes. I went online and registered at the blackboard and at boss and took a look at the sylabuses. I'm really going to enjoy them. At least its something to keep me busy. As for a job; Chelsea suggested that i applied at disney land. How wierd it sounds to work there. They are like 'the man' to me and i'm not a disney person. I think if i had to stare at disney characters all day i'd go crazy. We'll see how desperate i get before i hear something from alice.
