---
id: 156
layout: post
title: >
    Day Three
---

I know its nearly a week later but this is about day three (3).

Day three started with breakfast with my grandmother. Its been a while since we've seen each other so I was pretty excited. We had breakfast at this place in old Mandeville called `The Broken Egg`, which was very busy at the time, and it went well. We actually had a very interesting and insightful conversation about the Freemasons. Come to find out actually, nearly all of the men on her side of the family were Masons. That discovery really caught me off guard but really made me happy.

Before we knew it breakfast was over and we went back to our conversation back at home. I also made mention that I was baptised *somewhat* recently and she was extactic to hear it. The conversation continued but moved more toward religeon and life in general. It was nearing 1:00 pm already and I had to ship off to meet Emily and some of her friends for lunch. We made our goodbyes and I was on my way.

I can't remember the name of the place we met at but the food wasn't bad. I was already quite stuffed from breakfast but I honor of the company I had some good old fashioned grits. Emily introduced me to some of her friends, and I feel horrible that I don't remember the names, and they were nice.

It wasn't long after that Emily headed off and I did the same. I went over to Mandeville and met up with Brent a while later at Gamer's Conclave. I also had the chance to post some of the pictures. Brent really wasn't all there that afternoon but it was nice to see him. He tried convincing me that I wanted to go to some goth club in the old quarter with him but it was unsucessful. A few minutes after Brent left, Aaron walked in the door and we hung out for a bit. The idea was that we would go get some food but by then I had already eaten twice and was at the brim.

We made it to convington and stopped at the Waffle House there after deciding that we would meet up with Emily a bit later. We had fun and got to talk a bit more about whats been going on and what we have in store. A bit later, after we were finished eating, we took off and went to this coffee house near Emily's house and met up with her. The two fo them got to meet and I don't think it went that badly.

Emily and I left after a bit and she showed me some of the pictures from her trip to Europe not too long ago. There were a <em>ton</em> of pictures, but unfortunately I was under a time constraint and couldn't go through them all. I was out of there near 11:15 ish and headed back to my place for the night.

That night I couldn't sleep that well. Maybe because I was homesick, maybe because I just didn't want to leave. Either way I had alot on my mind.
