---
id: 33
layout: post
title: >
    Day 2 - Broken homes, Unbroken spirit
---

We woke up kinda late on Friday and the three of us went out for some breakfast. It was really crappy. I don't think anyone enjoyed the meal all that much. You win some, you loose some.

Brent was set off to Houston, TX to spend some time with family and so forth and gave us rule of his place until he was to get back on Sunday. Carolyn and I got ready and set out to see the city.

This is why we rented a car.

I had a very strong curiosity that was growing daily as to what happened to the places of my childhood. We started down near city park and the masonic cemetery. After a bit of driving in the park we both got the impression that they were still planning on doing the christmas lightshow in the park.

Driving through New Orleans city park was eerie. Some of the huge trees that I remember climbing and eating lunch on weren't even there. They cut down many of them and large parts of the park were in ruin. The museum looked like it was still in order though.

We made it out of the park and down to Gentilly, near the fair grounds where they host the <i>Jazz Fest</i>. The house itself was still standing, although it looked beat up and broken. I got some good pictures of the place and the most unsettling was the see first hand the spray paint near the door marking that the house was checked and that no bodies were found.

I think it holds very true that you can read all you want and hear all you want from the newspapers and your friends and family, but once you experience the devastation that hit the city of New Orleans, you have nothing to compare it to and an overwhelming feeling of loss hits you.

We left after a little while and made it back onto the interstate and headed to lakeview, a subdivision near the lake front. Brent had warning me that this place was nearly rubbed off the map.

The entrance to the neighborhood bore many signs of what to expect. There were street signs and trees uprooted and bent about, there were houses that were nothing more than empty shells of beam and molded drywall, the intensity of the damage was monstrous.

We drove past my old elementary school, and through the empty and somber streets of broken and destroyed homes to arrive at <i>Marshal Faux</i>, one of the houses of my childhood. Just like the others, its memory is all that is left.

From there we drove over to the house of my early childhood at the corner of Prentis and Pasteur. It was another eerie moment because the house was abandoned and wide open. Carolyn and I went inside and it was like I was 6 again and walking into my old house. The place even had the same green square tiles from before.

By then the scene was starting to really wear at me and we decided to leave. We called my mom and grandmother and it wasn't long before we were driving on the causeway to the northshore for dinner.

Its always nice seeing my grandmother again. It seems that every time we conversation I learning something new from her. Over the course of the evening which included good conversation and good food, we learned quite a bit about the family and my grandfather. She even told us of one story when my grandfather was trying to convince my grandmother to get a computer and showed her how word processing worked and how the two of then were filling pixels in to create there own font type. We got a great laugh out of it.

We were soon off and headed back to the french quarter. The night ended with us watching another episode of lost and falling asleep.

Friday was great! It was pretty emotionally distressing, but its just another reminder that the city is not dead and that there are thousands still in the city trying to bring it back to its glory. It just tells me that the city really needs support. It won't get back to being what it was without a lot of help from everyone around the country.
