---
id: 160
layout: post
title: >
    Day One
---

The first day started far earlier than I would of liked, given the small amount of sleep that I got. The night before Tiffany, Jamie and myself went to the musical <strong>Wicked</strong> at the pantagas. We had an awesome time but we didn't get home until nearlt 11:30 pm and by then we were very tired.

My flight was to leave at 10:45 am from Ontario airport and had a lay-over in Arizona. The flight went pretty well and I slept through a good bit of it. On both flights I ended up sitting next to this girl in the Navy who was taking a bit of a vacation to Mississippi.
<!--break-->
It was a very smooth trip over all. Touched down and picked up my car without any issues or problems. After the flight I headed over to the northshore to get settled in. Emily was the first person I saw and she went with me to give me directions to the place I stayed at in hammond. It was soo nice to see her again. I think the last time we were face to face was about 2 years ago and for a very short period while in town for my grandmother's birthday. I dropped her off and said a quick good bye to head off to see Aaron in Slidell with his wife Brandi and a few of his friends. I couldn't stay out too late that night because of the curfue at the Inn I was at but it worked out well. We met at this pool hall and had a great time.

Aaron is a really nice and cool guy. He has a great sense of humor and is very pleasant to be around. I feels wierd comparing him to having an older brother, because he <strong>IS</strong> an older brother. Maybe its just such an odd relationship to jump into, and its a bit foreign to be honest, but I could not of asked for a cooler guy.

That night I fell asleep to the crickets outside and slept very soundly. I did some reading after a quick shower and crashed out. Coincidentily there was this hurricane dubbed '<i>Dennis</i>' just approaching the gulf that had given everyone a bit of a scare. I wasn't too worried about it all but my biggest concern would be the traffic on the interstate. The plans for the next day consisted of meeting with Emily and going from there. I was really excited about it all and went to sleep smiling.
