---
id: 137
layout: post
title: >
    Dealing with Katrina
---

I havn't actually lived in the city of New Orleans in several years but nearly all of my family is in that area. The most recent storm, katrina, did an almost unmeasureable amount of damage. I've been glued to <a href="http://www.wwltv.com/">WWL</a> and keeping watch for any news or updates. I'm very fortunate in that my mom, little brothers and grandmother went up to Houston TX in time, however I've yet to hear anything from my aunt 

The recent devastation to New Orleans by hurricane Katrina has been unimaginable. Across the board there is widespread destruction and havoc. To be honest I'm having a very hard time comprehending all of what has been done. I talked to my mom on the way home from work this afternoon and she was filling me on what is going on in the family. She is with my dad, little brothers and grandmother in Houston TX staying with my Aunt Leslie.

I told them what I had seen on <a href="http://www.wwltv.com/">WWL</a> and about the most recent news alerts. I'm not going to repeat what you can go look for yourself, but it doesn't look like its going to get any easier for anyone that lives in Louisiana and Mississippi. Thankfully my mom told me that she heard from Aunt Karen, who has been staying at the hospital that she is the head nurse of, and the rest of the Montelepre family evacuated to Baton Rouge when they had the chance. I also talked to Lance online who said that he, Toni and Courtney are safe in Baton Rouge as well.

The pictures and news is disturbing. When I spoke to my mom she said that it was very unlikely that the house they are in is in tact. It was a sombering thought. Even more she told me that no one has been able to contact Bruce or Kathy for some time now and that the hurricane did a massive amount of damage to the area they are in. I had heard from the news that Slidell is almost completely under water right now and that St.Tammany parish took alot of the storm on.

What bothers me most is what my mom and dad are going to do. I really worry for my family right now and wish I could help more. I've got alot on my mind and I'm really not in a position to be able to vent it.

Also, I havn't heard from Emily or Brent at all. The phones are dead and I'm really worried. I can only hope that either of them got out in time.
