---
id: 171
layout: post
title: >
    Afternoon nap
---

I just woke up from a long afternoon nap. I left work early because I'm not feeling too well. I went to sleep around 4:00 pm or so and woke up about 8:15p. That sure was nice. I'm also thinking that I won't have any issue getting to bed later on, which is always a plus.

Alot went on this weekend, alot that I don't really want to relive. Needless to say I feel very wierd and distant. Maybe its good, maybe not. I kinda feel confused and as if I am put into a situation that is bad and that I can't get out of. I think I'm going to go out and bring some movies back to blockbuster. Maybe see if anything good is out. I feel like crap.

A bit later Corey, Jerome and I went out for thai food. I'm learning that some of the best places are right off of sunset near where we live. Its kinda nice to think that good food is so close.

After we got back I ran back out to blockbuster to return some movies. I picked up a few more and watched about half of <em>House of Flying Daggers</em> but very quickly lost interest. I also got <em>Life Aquatic</em> but I've heard alot of mixed reviews.

At some point Corey and I talked about having a drawing party on Thursday and it sounds like its a set plan. If you are in LA and want to meet some cool people let me know. Corey's friend Jeff is going to be in town from Wednesday to Saturday and it just sounds like a good idea.

Lately I've been playing with interface and API ideas for this bookmarks project. I started on an application called `<em>qtbookmarks</em>` which is nothing more than a desktop application to manage your bookmarks account. Its just a small demonstration of the xml api and how it all works. Its also given me quite a few ideas as to other features of the project and possible solutions to current dilemas. We'll see where it goes from there.

Some wierd stuff has been happening at work lately. Don't really know if I can talk about it , but my eyes are starting to open as to how things work overthere.
