---
id: 1233
layout: post
title: >
    Aaron Gerakines
---

August 1st, 1977 - December 5th, 2006

Aaron and I met for the first time only recently. It was over a year ago when one day I got a call from a number I didn't recognize. I answered the phone "Hello?" and heard someone say "Uh hi, is this Nick Gerakines?" and I answered "yes" hoping it wasn't some tele-marketer. He answered in that goofy and sly voice he is known for and calmly said "Oh hey, this is your brother". I was caught off guard and was slightly confused. He didn't bother to identify himself or anything, just a simple "this is your brother".

We talked for several hours, cramming as much of our life experience through the phone lines as we could. Then the next day we did the same, and continued our brotherhood over the phone until one summer I flew down and we got to meet each other for the first time.

The first time I've ever had a real conversation with him in person was over a game of pool with some of his friends in Slidell. I also met his wife Brandi for the first time as well and it was a pleasure to do so. It felt so natural to just pick up where we left off soo many years ago. I had an older brother for the first time and he wasn't afraid to play the part. The next few days that we spent together was great and I will remember them for the rest of my life. One of the most memorable times was before I left we were in the french quarter having cigars and talking about where we were in life and where we wanted to go.

A week later Katrina struck and I couldn't contact him for over a week. The storm hit his area really bad it one of the scariest moments of my life was adding his name to the Red Cross missing person's list. Eventually he got ahold of me but the lines in the area were spotty and we didn't get to talk very much.

I found out that he passed away this morning through an email that was sent from my mom. As soon as I heard I called Brandi. Her voice was gone but she wanted to talk. I'm waiting to find out the funeral information and work out a way to attend. My mom flies out on Friday will be here through the weekend, so I don't quite know if it will work out.
