---
id: 1174
layout: post
title: >
    Every man for himself
---

Last night a new episode of Lost aired and it was great. The previous episode left a few things up in the air, especially regarding where exactly the bunker that the 'others' was, what was going on with the treatment of Kate and Sawyer, if Desmond somehow developed a 3rd eye and of course what was Jack's role in all of this. I've got a few theories and ideas about what is going on and a few things were cleared up with last night.

First and foremost we found that there is a second island. Wow. It also appears that the island's sole purpose (since it was described as about twice the size of Alcatraz) is that of being another station. I don't know which one it is, but it is definitely partially underwater and underground. I think that there is an underground cave network under the second island and it is where they launch and use the mysterious submarine that they finally mentioned.

That information alone confirms a lot of things. They definitely have access and the ability to leave the island if they wanted to. They confirmed that they have a submarine and two way communication with the outside world. This leads me to believe that they really will do anything to prevent anyone from getting to or leaving the island without permission. Ben was fanatical about getting Desmond's boat, but also let Michael go pretty easily. Janus comes to mind.

There were two very interesting facts about the relationships within the others' social network. First of all that Cole (the woman who was shot) was married to one of them. When Jack was brought in to help try to save her in the OR, the woman confessed that she wasn't a surgeon but a fertility doctor. Most people would go "Ohhh, that means that they are trying to, and possibly having difficulty with, reproduce and keep the population up" but I would disagree with that theory. She never actually said what kind of fertility doctor she was. Given the Hanso Foundation's adventures in genetic experimentation she could very well be an vet and I think that theory holds a lot of ground.

Some really interesting things are going on with the losties as well. Mainly with Desmond and his odd behavior. In the previous episode since Hurley was the only person to actually talk to him, I thought that he dead and either a ghost or another figment of Hurley's imagination. This episode convinced me otherwise. So far Desmond has shown in 3 separate cases that he's predicted or see a glimpse of the future. Maybe not exactly future-sight, but other-site. The first case was when he asked if Locke had given his grand 'We are going to get them back' speech to Hurley. The second was when he talked about a hole in the roof with Claire and Charlie which was a clear reference to Kate being able to escape through the roof of her cage. The 3rd and final example was when he was able to predict, or focus, a lightning strike in the middle of camp. I think over the next few episodes we will find that some really interesting development with his character as well as Locke and Echo.

Lastly, we find out that Sawyer has a daughter. That was a surprise to me.
