---
id: 889
layout: post
title: >
    Outlets on trains is love
---

I missed the first train this morning so I'll be a little late. I missed the one I was supposed to get on by 3 minutes and even saw it leaving the station as I was walking over. I don't have the timing of everything completely down yet but it'll happen over time.

This morning I did wake up to discover that the phone line to the house had finally been activated and called both of our cell phones to test it out. My hope is that for Carolyn's sake the internet connection will be active as well. Its amazing how much you can't do these days without it. Either that or we've just hit some sort of weird internet dependancy. That is probably it.

At least the train I'm on is one of the nicer ones with shelves for luggage and tables. Even to my surprise I found that there are outlets too! So now I can waste a good 1 1/2 + hours blogging, coding and playing more NeverWinter Nights.

I've got three things that I'm working on outside of the usual TypePad stuff. First is a wiki that I've been using for game notes. The address is <a href="http://nwn.socklabs.com/wiki">http://nwn.socklabs.com/wiki</a> and its an unofficial NeverWinter Nights notes and walkthrough wiki. I've been taking snapshots of the maps and making notes and highlights throughout the game so far and its coming along pretty well. I just got to Chapter Two, the long one, and I'm enthralled.

The next project is a cocoa proof of concept application. With all of the changes that have been made to the TypePad Atom API, I found that there are no real ways of testing without using an unfriendly perl script or the like. In light of that I've created <em>AtomicTypePad</em>. I've already got a subversion repos up and development is moving along. Now that libcaptcha has reached a stable point I'm going to wait on feedback and such before I do any more hacking to it and I can work on this for now. Diversity is a good thing.

I'll have to admit that even though I'm an old-school c and c++ hacker, the cocoa objective-c feels awkward. I guess its just a learning experience though.

Yesterday Carolyn had her 16 week doctor visit in the city. It went well, no news is good news, and I even got an audio recording of the baby's heartbeat! I posted it as a supplemental podcast and have probably listened to it a half dozen times myself.
