---
id: 934
layout: post
title: >
    A truly Lost experience
---

The last episode of season 2 is now over and there is no doubt that fans everywhere are digging and searching for any and every possible clue or hint to figure out what is going on.

This episode was titled "<em>Live Together, Die Alone</em>" and the majority of it was focused around Desmond. It gave us a pretty clear picture of how he got to the island and what lead up to his arrival. If you want all of the details, go read the wikipedia entry for the episode, I just want to get to the real details.

The season left us with a clear view of 'The Others' or 'The Hostiles' as Kelvin referred to them as. Michael and Walt were riding off at Henry Gale's direction because of the agreement that he had made with him in regard to bringing certain members back. Henry Gale and the rest of the 'others' were on a long dock with Hurley, Jack, Sawyer and Kate. The woman referred to as <em>D</em> cuts Hurley loose and tells him to go back to camp and tell the rest of the survivers to 'Never Come Back' and he reluctantly (and looking quite confused) complies and starts walking. As Hurley walks off the 3 remaining (Jack, Kate and Sawyer) are hooded again and the scene cuts off. None of them were hurt, killed or otherwise and they simply state that 'they are the good guys'. Could they be a rogue element of Hanso?

What would be the leaders of the survivors are now gone and they are left to themselves. The hatch is destroyed leaving us to assume that Desmond, Ecto and Loche are all dead. We also saw that the count down leads to a certain phenomenon that looks like the sky has gone white from some sort of nuclear fall out and a loud noise that deafens everyone on the island.

Back at camp Charlie and Claire have a moment together but he completely refuses to talk about what happened in the hatch. What is strange is that he doesn't refuse in a 'oh shit 2 people that I was close to just died' kind of way, but more like 'what? Oh nothing happened, how about tea?'.

Lastly, there is a scene with 2 men playing chess and a computer alert, 'Electromagnetic Anomaly Detected', and they rush to call none other than Penny Widmore who would appear to have hired them for the sole purpose of locating the late Desmond.

Many questions are left unanswered (as every good season finale should be) and we have been given '<em>The Lost Experience</em>' to tide us over during the summer until the next season starts.

Until then, I'm sure there will be enough speculation to go around.
