---
id: 1539
layout: post
title: >
    iPhone App store, aka Facebook is useful to me again
---

Everyone is clamoring over the iPhone app store launch so I thought I'd chime in. With iTunes updated and my phone with the 2.0 OS, I was downloading a few this morning and these are my thoughts.

The number of really, *really* poorly made applications on the iPhone application store is scary. There are very obvious bugs and many of the applications I've seen have crashed or are slow enough to be unusable. I'm pretty dissapointed in Twitterific as it is right now. The scroll speed is frustratingly slow and it looks like they are redrawing user icons in a strange way. There is no reason for me to use Twitterific instead of the mobile twitter site.

If its not obvious, writing a book about Facebook and the Facebook Platform really took away my interest. I've been going through "Facebook fatigue" for a little while now and I've finally started coming out of it. This is all thanks to the native iPhone application they released with the launch of the iPhone 2.0. I'm really impressed with it. I absolutely love the address book functionality. Having all of it right there in my hand makes Facebook useful.

The "Things" application looks promising but I havn't played with it yet so I'll leave it at that. The AIM application is "ok" at best. The UI feels clunky and it feels like the application was rushed and didn't go through a real QA process. But then again with any of the AIM products, the bar isn't very high.

The TypePad application is pretty slick but there are a few bugs and gaps in the user experience. I hope with the next release they enable users to do things like read and moderate comments or view blog statistics and activity.

The NetNewsWire application is better than most and provides real functionality. I'm not entirely sure that I'd rather use that than Google Reader though.

I havn't tried any of the games yet but a few people around the office have and the reviews are mixed. Some of them play really well while others have bad 'lag'.

My iPhone wish list:

*   A mobile jabber client
*   A FireEagle app *cough cough*
*   A Yahoo Messenger client
*   A mobile MarsEdit
 
