---
id: 1500
layout: post
title: >
    New Camera, great experience
---

Back in December Jeff Bonforte gave me his Cannon Revel DSLR to use over the christmas break. Originally I was going to buy it from him as a used DSLR but in the end he decided to keep it, but that is besides the point. Over our xmas vacation I took some really awesome photographs and really fell in love with it. I cried a tear when he said he had changed his mind about it, but I knew that some time soon I'd get one of my own.

A few weeks ago, after a lot of research and reading up on the subject, I bought one. In the end I chose a 10 megapixel Canon Rebel XTI. The one that Jeff leant me was a first gen and even at the the quality was a huge step up from the Sony Cybershot that I had been using before. When I purchased the camera I also bought the book "Canon EOS Digital Rebel XTi/400D Digital Field Guide" by Charlotte K. Lowrie. I really don't have any experience with SLR cameras and I'm just learning about the basics.

The book helped a lot. Carolyn also knows a good bit about it and has helped explain a few things here and there. I think getting them together was a really good idea and I suggest doing it.

The actual camera came with the 18-55mm kit lens. The lens is pretty standard and seems like a good fit for someone who is just stating off. What the camera did not come with was a camera case or a memory card. I didn't expect the camera case but I was kind of surprised that it didn't come with a small card to get you started. The day it arrived I went over to MicroCenter after work to pick up a cheap 2g CF card and thats what I've been using ever since.

After using it for two weeks I gotta say that I'm in love and this qualifies as the 5th love of my life. The first two being Carolyn and Vanessa, the third being my first cheeseburger after being a vegetarian for 5+ years and the fourth being my first apple laptop.

I've been using Aperture for organization and basic adjustments. I picked up a copy ($-200) in december and found that it was perfect for my needs. From the time I started using Jeff's Rebel to now I've got about 1,400 photographs. I'm quite happy with it.

It was just a few days ago that I took another step and picked up the Canon EF 70-300mm f/4-5.6 IS USM Lens. At first I thought that the kit lens would be great while I figure out and better understand the basics, but I had my eye on this one and decided to go for it. It was recommended by both Nick N and Anna G as a lens upgrade. It wasn't cheap (by any means) but after using it and getting a feel for it, I definitely think its worth the money.

So here I am. I've been taking tons of photographs lately, the good ones are on flickr. All in all, I'm extremely happy and satisfied with my purchase(s).
