slug: back_in_nola
date: 2010/04/07
layout: post
title: Back in NOLA

My small vacation to the Big Easy is coming to a close. I'm on a Southwest flight to SNA from MSY and I've got about 2 hours left before we touch down. I'm both happy and sad: It was great to see my family and old friends again and I'm sad that there isn't enough time to stay longer.

Carolyn, Vanessa and I touched down at New Orleans International after a brutal day on Thursday. We had a flight leaving SFO at 710a with a brief layover in Dallas that arrived in MSY around 230pm but when we arrived, we found that there was a mechanical problem and our flight was delayed ... for 6 hours. Thankfully, we did make it into the city that evening, but it wasn't until 930p and we had to be rerouted through Chicago with a 3 hours layover. We lost half a day, but finally made it to the Omni in the French Quarter a bit later.

On both Friday and Saturday, we went up Mandeville and Slidell to spend time with the family. It was great seeing Ben and Charlie, although the fact that both of them are now a good few inches taller than me is frustrating. It was nice to be with the family and have Vanessa and them get to know each other a bit better. Other than being bombarded with social-political banter, there was a lot of good food, good music and good company. It was really great to have Sharon, Carolyn's mother with us too. The two families finally met and generally speaking, I think it went really smoothly.

In the evenings we got to meet up with Toni and later Brent to play around in the french quarter and partake in the chaos. For better or worse, our trip was during the French Quarter festival and it was pretty packed. I'm pleased to say that the most that we saw of Bourbon ST was driving through it to get to the hotel, but most of our time was spent either at Charters House or Pirate's Alley. One of these days we'll actually take one of the tours around the FQ or maybe a carriage ride.

[I'll upload some of the photos as soon as I get back to the hotel in Irvine.]